readings/dh-lawrence-to-be-alive.md, before:

---
pageTitle: To Be Alive
---

For man, the vast marvel is to be alive. For man, as for flower and beast and bird, the supreme triumph is to be most vividly, most perfectly alive. Whatever the unborn and dead may know, they cannot know the beauty, the marvel of being alive in the flesh. The dead may look after the afterwards. But the magnificent here and now of life in the flesh is ours, and ours alone and ours only for a time. We ought to dance with rapture that we should be alive and in the flesh, and part of the living incarnate cosmos. am part of the Earth, my feet know perfectly, and my blood is part of the sea. I am part of the sun as my eye is part of me. That I My soul knows that I am part of the human race; my soul is an organic part of the great human soul, as my spirit is part of my nation. In my very own self, I am part of my family. There is nothing of me that is alone and absolute except my mind, has no existence by itself; it is only the glitter of the sun on the surface of the waters.

from *Apocalypse*

by D.H. Lawrence

Commit message:

Add description and week number

readings/dh-lawrence-to-be-alive.md, after:

---
pageTitle: To Be Alive
description: Prose from DH Lawrence called To Be Alive
weekNumber: 1
---

For man, the vast marvel is to be alive. For man, as for flower and beast and bird, the supreme triumph is to be most vividly, most perfectly alive. Whatever the unborn and dead may know, they cannot know the beauty, the marvel of being alive in the flesh. The dead may look after the afterwards. But the magnificent here and now of life in the flesh is ours, and ours alone and ours only for a time. We ought to dance with rapture that we should be alive and in the flesh, and part of the living incarnate cosmos. am part of the Earth, my feet know perfectly, and my blood is part of the sea. I am part of the sun as my eye is part of me. That I My soul knows that I am part of the human race; my soul is an organic part of the great human soul, as my spirit is part of my nation. In my very own self, I am part of my family. There is nothing of me that is alone and absolute except my mind, has no existence by itself; it is only the glitter of the sun on the surface of the waters.

from *Apocalypse*

by D.H. Lawrence
